Handle `pallas-hardano` parsing errors (#1566)
input-output-hk/mithril: mithril-test-lab/test_data/README.md

> [!NOTE]
> The immutable files (`.chunk`, `.primary` and `.secondary`) files are data that are the result of
> the `mithril-end-to-end` test command execution.

> > The `parsing_error/` directory contains the immutable files `04831` and `04832` with unparsable block in the first one. They are needed for testing purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `parsing_error/` directory contains the `04831` and `04832` immutable files with some unparsable blocks in the first one (`04831` have been produced by the Sanchonet network, and `04832` created manually). They are needed for testing of the Cardano transactions parser.
```
